What are you doing here?
I see you didn't eat at night
Send you some
I don't eat it, take it away
You know
What will the medical center look like in 8 years?
Hey, did you hear?
The medical center of the female leader Xu Meiqing fell
What's up?
How did that happen?
I heard that there is a mutation on his side.
I still have it and haven't dealt with it yet.
Finally something happened
You mean?
8 years later my sister bit everyone at the base
Is it? I don't know.
But I know that after the end
No one escaped the mutation
But you can change the ending now
Everyone who follows you in this medical center
People who trust you
I will change my destiny because of you
Jiajia, take a look.
I have found something